new playbook: asreview (#6)
UtrechtUniversity/researchcloud-items: docs/playbooks/asreview.md

> # Playbook <name>

Reviewer: pls add name

Author: Test.

> # Playbook <name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Playbook ASReview
```

# Playbook <name>
[back to index](../index.md#Playbooks)

## Summary

> Automatic Systematic Review (ASReview) is an application that uses active machine learning to facilitate and predict relevancy of papers during a systematic review process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ASReview LAB is an application that uses active learning to facilitate and predict the relevancy of papers during a systematic review.
```
